Docs: Provide descriptive labels for http references (#78959)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/playbook_guide/playbooks_filters.rst

    # get amount of days between two dates. This returns only number of days and discards remaining hours, minutes, and seconds
    {{ (("2016-08-14 20:00:12" | to_datetime) - ("2015-12-25" | to_datetime('%Y-%m-%d'))).days  }}

> .. note:: For a full list of format codes for working with python date format strings, see the :ref:`python3.datetime`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: For a full list of format codes for working with python date format strings, see the `python datetime documentation <https://docs.python.org/3/library/datetime.html#strftime-and-strptime-behavior>`_.
```

> .. note:: For a full list of format codes for working with python date format strings, see the `python datetime documentation <https://docs.python.org/3/library/datetime.html#strftime-and-strptime-behavior>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: For a full list of format codes for working with python date format strings, see the :ref:`python3.datetime`.
```
